The Problem: Evacuation of a Building

This present project aims to actualization the evacuation of the building using techniques of Artificial Intelligence. The techniques of Artificial  Intelligent that are used: BFS, DFS, and heuristic methods.
	The problem is the evacuation of a building to the rooftop. Specifically, the elevator of a multi-story residential building is set to automatic operation in case evacuation to the rooftop is ordered by the police for any public safety reason.
	In the simple version of the problem, the building has a ground floor, 4 additional floors, and a rooftop on the 5th floor. Additionally, there is an elevator with a capacity of 8 people, intended for moving residents from floor to floor. On the 1st floor, there are 9 residents, on the 2nd floor, there are 4 residents, on the 3rd floor, there are 12 residents, and on the 4th floor, there are 7 residents. When the evacuation signal comes from the police, the elevator is located on the ground floor and is empty.
	The elevator can move upwards and from any floor to any other floor, as long as it is not full (i.e., no more than 8 people have boarded), and there is at least one resident waiting on the floor it is moving to. When the elevator reaches a floor, the door opens, and as many residents as can fit are allowed to board, while any remaining residents (if there are more than can fit) wait for the elevator to return. The elevator will only move from any floor towards the rooftop (upwards) if it is full or if it is not full but there are no other residents waiting to board on any floor.
The goal of the problem is to complete the evacuation successfully to the rooftop, meaning that all residents must reach the building's rooftop.
